# Script.it - TV Planning Search App

This application is designed as a proof-of-concept (PoC) to demonstrate enhanced search functionality tailored for a TV show planning team. Over the course of several weeks, a writers' room produces extensive documentation that must be easily searchable for effective theme and plot development within their project management software. The goal of this application is to showcase how TRUFFLE PIG'S advanced search capabilities significantly improving document management and retrieval processes.

##### Table of Contents

* [Features](#features)
* [Architecture](#Architecture)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)

## Features

* **Advanced Search Capabilities** : Quickly and accurately find relevant documents.
* **Efficient Document Management** : Streamlines the retrieval and organization of writers' room documentation.
* **User-Friendly Interface** : Intuitive and easy to use.

## Architecture

* **Backend** : Django
* **Frontend** : React, TypeScript, Vite
* **Asynchronous Task Management** : Celery with Redis

## Installation

To install and set up the application, follow these steps:

### Backend (Django with Celery and Redis)

1. **Clone the repository** :

   ```
   https://github.com/Vrushali-anil-Chaudhari/Script.it.git
   ```
2. **Navigate to the backend directory** :

   ```
   cd Script.it/backend
   ```
3. **Create a virtual environment:** :

   ```
   python -m venv env
   ```
4. **Activate the virtual environment:**

   On Windows:

   ```
   .\env\Scripts\activate
   ```
5. **Install dependencies** :

   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
6. **Apply migrations** :

   ```
   python manage.py migrate
   ```
7. **Start the Django server** :

   ```
   python manage.py runserver
   ```
8. **Start Redis** :

   ```
   redis-server
   ```
9. **Start the Celery worker** :

   ```
   cd Script.it/backend
   celery -A backend worker --loglevel=info --pool=eventlet
   ```

   ## Frontend (React TypeScript Vite)


   1. **Navigate to the client directory** :

      ```
      cd ../client
      ```
   2. **Install dependencies** :

      ```
      npm install
      ```
   3. **Start the Vite development server** :

      ```
      npm run dev
      ```

## Usage

To use the application:

1. **Log in** to your account or create a new account if you don't have one.
2. **Upload documents** generated by the writers' room.
3. **Use the search functionality** to find and retrieve documents as needed.
